== What it means to have been named a supporter ===

You have received this email because someone applying for developer
access has named you as a possible supporter for their request. Because
your approval or disapproval of the request will carry significant
weight in whether developer access is granted or not, we'd like to
briefly go over the process and your role in it, to help you make the
best decision possible for both the KDE community and the applicant.

When we are asked to grant developer access, KDE Sysadmin looks for
evidence that the applicant is ready for the responsibilities that come
with the broad write access this entails, and that the applicant is
ready to exercise these access rights with confidence. The overall goal
is to ensure that the community can continue to work smoothly, which
requires mutual trust among contributors and mutual awareness of the
rules that govern the community. Mutual trust comes from everyone having
been through the same process to be granted access, and diligence when
screening applicants for their awareness of the community's rules and
values is what allows the process to be this source of trust.

As a supporter named by the applicant, your opinion on their request is
usually the most important piece of evidence available for our
consideration, because in most cases you will have enjoyed a closer
working relationship with the applicant than we have. As such your
disapproval will all but eliminate the applicant's chances of receiving
developer access at this time, and your approval has the power to
compensate for doubts we may have about the applicant.


== Criteria for approval ==

Because your word carries so much weight, it is vital that you consider
your verdict carefully before submitting it. To help you do so, here is
a list of criteria an applicant should fulfill to meet with your
approval:

* Are you confident that the applicant has contributed to KDE enough in
   both time and quantity to have attained a level of experience with KDE
   technologies that justifies the broad write access that comes with
   developer access? If not, they may be better off continuing to
   contribute via ReviewBoard & co until they are ready, and then re-
   apply.

* Are you confident that the applicant is sufficiently aware of the
   rules and values that govern our community? In order to build this
   awareness they should have spent some time participating in our
   community and developing social ties with others in the community.
   Subcribing to mailing lists, visiting IRC channels and going to KDE
   events are good ways to do this.

* Do you believe the applicant has a long-term interest in contributing
   to KDE? If not, they may not require developer access.

* Has the applicant been truthful in describing their prior involvement
   with the KDE community and characterizing their relationship with you?
   This can not only speak to their character, but also their confidence
   or lack thereof: Feelings of insecurity are often masked by a little
   boasting. Understanding their state of mind allows us to better help
   applicants complete the process successfully.


== Following approval ==

If you have chosen to give your approval to a request, we will notify
you if we have decided to grant it. Afterwards we'd like you to keep an
eye on the new developer access holder for the first couple of weeks:
Assist them if they have trouble integrating, or send us feedback so we
can offer them aid.

